- [Frank] Today's Java developer has several options
when building his or her applications.
Apache Maven not only solves the build needs
of most developers, but extends itself to include
such areas as dependency management, unit testing,
documentation and reporting.
Now, you can achieve these same tasks with many other tools,
but Apache Maven provides a coherent, clean
and extensible framework to build your applications,
either as run-of-the-mill components
or as unique, complex, and customized builds
all with the same tooling.
Hi, my name is Frank Moley.
I'm a Software Developer and Architect who is passionate
about software, DevOps, distributed systems,
and ultimately learning.
In this course, we will focus on the basics
of using Apache Maven to build Java applications
and look at some of the more advanced features
along the way.
So with that said, let's go build some Java,
the Apache Maven way.